This document writes how to use these repository.
The development is just started, and this informations will extended later.

# UML
This is the directory where the UML of the project is stored.

Description of files and directories:
- **ElteRemoteControl.uml** file contains all the diagrams.
- **ClassDiagrams** directory contains the generated class diagrams as image.
- **SequenceDiagrams** directory contains the generated sequence diagrams as image.
- **GeneratedCode** directory contains the generated C++ and PHP codes.

# RemoteControlLib
This library contains the business logic of the program *written in* **C++**, *built with* **SCons** and *tested with* **CxxTest**.
For developing recommended to use **Eclipse** with **SConsolidator** plugin.
For more information about the building and testing process use the following command in the directory:
```
scons -h
```

Description of files and directories:
- **SConstruct** file contains the building and testing informations.
- **build** directory generated by SCons and excluded from commit by .gitignore file.
- **build_tools** directory used for 3rd party tools that used in SCons building process.
- **include** directory contains the header files.
- **src** directory contains the source files.
- **tests** directory contains the test files.

# RemoteControlUi
This library used for the user interface of the program *written in* **QT** with **QT Creator**.
For import the project, copy the **RemoteControlUi.pro.user.sample** file and rename it as **RemoteControlUi.pro.user** it is required, because QT Creator will writes absolute directories to is.

All files have to store in the root of this directory, because subdirectories couldn't easily handle by QT Creator. **build** directory generated for the built files, the build process is controlled by the **RemoteControlUi.pro** file.

# RemoteControlServer
This library used for the server, *written in* **PHP**.
